Lin Shao, wait a minute
Although Lin Ye said the wrong thing
But you won't be punished like this
If anyone looks down on me, Reja
I, Lei Jia, don't I have no face?
Lei Shao, why don't you think I owe you a favor?
I agreed not to marry Forest
I just want him to leave in one piece.
You're still so sad about this labor prisoner
Then I'm going to crush him even more
Lei Shao bastard
Do you remember to speak?
When did you become so irrational?
If you do
You don't have to worry about the company's affairs in the future
Hey sister
You can't blame me.
You kill yourself
I will take care of the company for you in the future, haha.
Sister, you don't have to plead for me
You are my fiancee
No need to ask for any
Lin Yan, say less
Yan'er, say less
He can't talk like this anymore
You'd better go first
I'll stop them both for you.
They won't do anything to me
No, they can't deal with me yet
The world has to deal with me
Just me.
Hey
He said you can't beat him
God laugh at me
Boy, we have accepted the Lord of Kunlun
Expert pointer
You crush you in front of us
It's as simple as pinching an ant to death.